https://github.com/qmau-me/books/tree/master/.gitbook/assets -- sách


1A developer has an application that needs to offload some tasks to be processed asynchronously. 
What AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment tier should be used for processing the offloaded tasks? 
 AWS Elastic Beanstalk Worker Tier is designed to process background tasks separately 
from the main application. It consumes messages from an Amazon SQS queue to trigger 
the background tasks. Web Server Tier, Instance Tier, Stateful Tier, 
Multi-Node Tier, and Single-Node Tier do not directly support background task processing.

2 Which of the following triggers is not supported by AWS Lambda? 
AWS Lambda supports a wide variety of triggers, including scheduled triggers,
 event-based triggers, batch triggers, and on-demand triggers. However, 
on-file-based triggers are not natively supported by AWS Lambda.
3. What is the purpose of the AWS KMS grant token? 
-To provide temporary permission to use an AWS KMS customer master key (CMK)
4. You have received a webhook notification about an AWS CloudWatch alarm. 
Which of the following API actions can you use to gain information about the details of the alarm? 

DescribeAlarms

5 What is the HTTP response status code for a request that is blocked by AWS CloudFront? 
: 403
6. A company wants to receive a daily report containing a list of their S3 objects which has encryption enabled or disabled. Which S3 feature should they use? 
 a.
S3 Inventory

7. What is the difference between an AWS CloudFormation stack and a stack set? 
An AWS CloudFormation stack is a collection of AWS resources that you can manage as a single unit, 
while a stack set is a way to provision CloudFormation stacks across multiple accounts and regions with a single CloudFormation template.

explain: 
An AWS CloudFormation stack is a collection of AWS resources that you can manage as a single unit, 
while a stack set is a way to provision CloudFormation stacks across multiple accounts and regions with 
a single CloudFormation template. With StackSets, you can centrally manage resources across all of your
 accounts and regions by using AWS Organizations. By specifying a CloudFormation template, you can create, 
update, or delete stacks across multiple accounts and regions with a single action.

8 What is an IAM Instance Profile?
- An IAM Instance Profile is a container for an IAM Role that you can use to pass role information to an EC2 instance when the instance starts.

9 What is AWS Elastic Beanstalk? 
- Platform as a service

10.  The company wants to manage all domain names in the same Hosted Zone. How should they proceed in creating this Hosted Zone? 

Create a Public Hosted Zone and add Reusable Delegation Sets for each domain

Explain: Since the domain names are public, a Public Hosted Zone should be created. To manage multiple domain names in the same Hosted Zone, 
using Reusable Delegation Sets allows for each domain to work in the same Hosted Zone. 
The other options are not suitable for managing multiple domain names in the same Hosted Zone.

11 What type of access control does DynamoDB support? 
IAM Policies

12 A development RDS instance encounters an unexpected instance failure. Unfortunately, a monitoring alert wasn't triggered. What change is required to ensure monitoring is working? 
Create an RDS event subscription for the 'RDS-EVENT-0003' event category.

13 A company has a hybrid cloud infrastructure and wants to resolve private hosted zone DNS records from on-premises DNS servers in AWS. Which AWS service should be used? 
Route 53 Resolver


14 A company is using AWS for critical infrastructure that must 
remain available during regional issues. They need a global traffic management
 solution that can route requests to multiple AWS regions and handle automatic failover
. Which AWS service is best suited for this scenario?
AWS Global Accelerator  // what is aws global accelerator?


15 Which of the following AWS services can be used to automatically remediate noncompliant AWS resources? 
- AWS Config

16 What is the difference between the awsvpc and the bridge network mode in Amazon ECS? 
The awsvpc network mode assigns every task a unique elastic network interface, while the bridge network mode shares the host's network namespace.


17 Your company uses Amazon RDS Read Replicas for an RDS PostgreSQL database. You want to validate the replica data consistency. Which option should you choose? 
Perform manual checksum using pg_checksums

18 A company wants to automatically reduce storage costs for infrequently accessed files in their Amazon S3 bucket while ensuring high durability. Which storage class should you recommend? 
S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access

19 What is the primary advantage of Network Load Balancer (NLB) over other Elastic Load Balancers (ELB)? 
Low latency and high throughput
NLB offers low latency and high throughput, making it an ideal choice for applications that require constant high-speed connections such as gaming or real-time video streaming.


20 Which Elastic Load Balancer (ELB) automatically scales resources in response to incoming traffic? 
Auto Scaling Load Balancer (ASLB)
